hello everyone so today I am going to do
the take off the clothes challenge where
you basically have to take off all of
your clothes in less than 10 seconds so
let's get started okay so actually I'm
not going to be doing that because
because I made a special video for
Johnny and I sent that to him so I
really can't post that to the internet
you know but I am instead gonna be doing
the Saltine challenge where it actually
sounds really easy but I haven't seen
anyone finish it so I guess it's not but
like I'm guessing it makes your mouth
really dry and you can't like digest it
or whatever so what's it up my mouth
really quick that's really gross but so
I believe it's six saltine crackers in a
minute so do that alright let's do this
completely unopened as well so I
actually really like these like I was
sometimes just eat these just to be
eating them but like not really fast all
right so have this favourite plate down
here just in just in case I okay we're
all these hairs on it okay cool but on
just in case like I have to fit some
stuff out and I don't want it to get all
over me
I'm gonna get like six out right now so
I'll have to struggle to get them out of
the package six I don't know if it's
cheating freezing water but no I'm not
gonna like use water as like I'm eating
I'm just I'm cream pre moistening just
for this session all right I need to
stop talking all right here here's what
we got here mmm fudge
all right let's do this there way to
look at racquetball doing this okay here
we go I don't see how this is gonna be a
problem but I'm like I'm like stalling
all right here we go
oh bomb
very big boy chuckling no way
let me tell you oh god I'm not
oh that was really weird like I thought
I had a chance I'm gonna set 30 second
felt like okay I can see me getting it
done but all right well crumbs are
everywhere
there was a point where I knew I messed
up and I tried to say I messed up but I
couldn't get anything out but I really
loved saltine crackers like that was
enjoyable other than like me shoving
them in there and then they start
stabbing me because I don't like to
muffin up but yeah like dude saltine
crackers Rock it's not too much of a so
thank you guys for watching um I don't I
don't know I don't know no no I I
apologize for that I'm so sorry
I got my new shoes on which are freaking
awesome I've been like trying to wear
them in stuff and they're pretty radical
it's got them a few days ago yeah these
are probably gonna be like when a pair
of shoes and I'm gonna take them to LA
and take them on vacation
and take them everywhere I don't know
what I'm doing okay I love you guys so
much
peace out I hope you enjoyed this video
and I hope you come back to watch
another video as we post on here a lot
and we do videos a lot
but yeah it's almost summer for me and I
still have this week and then Monday and
then I'll be out of school and I'll be
able to make videos for you guys so much
more and it will be a lot easier to get
videos done and a lot more videos and
stuff like that so you guys should be
pretty pumped for that sorry for like
not being able to post very much or like
on my main channel and stuff like that
because I've been in high school and
stuff and it's really hard to do like
more than one video a week
you soon that won't have to worry about
that which is freaking awesome
yeah other guys so much I will see you
later
why I don't know the new e type or by
typical YouTube outro yeah
Damien's it's all over my floor I'm
gonna get an so good